Respected Sir,

In reply to your mail (dated 23-09-2014; time:4.26 p.m.), I (with the help of my fellow batchmates) have come up with the following introduction and rules of jaribio.


Introduction 

Do you believe you have the capability to convince others? Or do you have fun in making your point? There are a lot of moments in everyone’s life when they can easily persuade others with mere words. But sometimes it so happens that you are at a loss of words even when there is a lot going on in mind.

Speaking is a skill and a good way to hone your articulation proficiency is a good GD session and PI, which is brought to you by PRATUTI’15 via the event JARIBIO.

JARIBIO would be a test of your logical ability combined with your communication skills. It would require a combination of a sharp brain, confidence and charm to tackle this event and win it. The complete assessment would be done by professionals who would also guide you and brief you regarding the various points in GD-PI.

So come one, come all...No restrictions on year of study or branch or institute.....Everyone is invited to participate and showcase their talent.


Rules

Interested person can register online as well as offline. Online registrations will be on the official site of Prastuti'14. Offline registrations can be done by contacting the coordinators of the event. It will be held in three phases.

Phase I (Written)

This phase is written test. Its venue is Department of Electrical Engineering, IIT (BHU) Varanasi. This written phase requires you to fill a form containing 25 questions, mostly general information based (subjective in nature). Other questions may be puzzles and one word type, that too general and not only electrical based.

Phase II (GD)

This phase is Group Discussion. Only students selected from Phase I will be allowed to appear in Phase II. Students here will have to present their views and reasoning skills over a given on the spot topic. Selected students will move on to Phase III.

Phase III (PI)

Final Phase will test your ability in-front of capable Personnel through a personal Interview.

 

thank you sir



MAYANK SHARMA
3rd YEAR, 
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING,
IIT(BHU), VARANASI
PHONE NO.:7607075440
e-mail ID   :ms09891@gmail.com