Industry Defined Problem
Introduction

Welcome to the real world; full of flaws, bottlenecks and troubles everywhere. Burgeoning problems constantly bother today's industry and innovators and research personnel are always at their toes to solve them, in their hot pursuit for pronouncing elegant answers to complex questions. A lot of money gets into research and product development, hunting for novel and creative solutions that cater to the ever-evolving industrial scenario.
About the event

In IDP, we give you the perfect podium to showcase that Einstein inside you, where you have to exhibit your engineering skills using the power of your grey cells. Innovation, with great deal of practicality is the central backbone of the event.

    It is an event to collaborate our academic brilliance to real life Industrial problem; a platform to put our imagination at work; a challenge to innovate and find solutions.
    Forming a link between academia and industry, this event touches almost every aspect of engineering study- from depth of scientific thought to feasibility of the solution.
    The event serves as an excellent platform for engineering students to apply the skills and knowledge they possess and come up with creative and original solutions to problems posed by the industry.

Rules

    It is a group event in which teams of 3-4 members are allowed to participate.
    A company is invited to provide a technical problem encountered by the company ranging from process engineering to environmental concerns.
    In this event, we are looking for fresh ideas and concepts put together in creative ways to present elegant designs and solutions to the problems posed.
    Each team will be provided with a fixed time of 10 minutes to present their vision.

Event guidelines
    The participants are required to prepare a presentation depicting the solution proposed by them for the problem statement provided.
    The presentation has to be presented on the event date to a panel of judges.
    The participants must be prepared for cross-questioning from judges as well as the audience
    The participants must be a registered graduate/undergraduate student of an accelerated institute.
    The participants have to register themselves on the Prastuti website.
    Multiple registrations will not be entertained

Co-ordinators:
Name: OMKAR VARTAK
ELECTRICAL ENGG PART III
Roll no: 12104EN038
Cell phone: +918601248789
Email: vartak.osanjay.eee12@itbhu.ac.in

Name: ARIMIT SARKAR
ELECTRICAL ENGG PART III
Roll no: 12104EN050
Cell phone: +918601248453
Email: arimit.sarkar.eee12@itbhu.ac.in